<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	template="/WEB-INF/layouts/application_layout.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="body_content">
			<p>Terms and Conditions</p>

			<p>
				<b>In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:</b>
			</p>

			<p>The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements:
				"Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company",
				“Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or
				ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the
				Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the
				Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing English Law. Any
				use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and
				therefore as referring to same.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Privacy Statement</b><br /> We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only
				use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our
				customers. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such
				actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible
			</p>

			<p>
				<b><br /> Confidentiality</b>
			</p>

			<p>We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and as such, any information concerning the Client and their respective Client Records
				may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other
				than [our manufacturer/supplier(s) and] if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of,
				and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to
				retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate
				written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.</p>

			<p>
				<b>We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails
					sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.</b>
			</p>

			<h4>Disclaimer</h4>

			<p>
				<b>Exclusions and Limitations </b><br /> The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by
				law, this Company:
			</p>

			<p>§ excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or
				any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and</p>

			<p>§ excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation,
				direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you
				have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and
				the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.</p>

			<p>This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations
				apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Terms of Use</b>
			</p>

			<p>· You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service</p>

			<p>· You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos
				or other content via the Service</p>

			<p>· You are responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and you agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your
				account, followers, username, or any account rights. With the exception of people or businesses that are expressly authorized to create accounts
				on behalf of their employers or clients, Property Player prohibits the creation of and you agree that you will not create an account for anyone
				other than yourself. You also represent that all information you provide or provided to Property Player upon registration and at all other times
				will be true, accurate, current and complete and you agree to update your information as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.</p>

			<p>· You agree that you will not solicit, collect or use the login credentials of other Property Player users.</p>

			<p>· You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure.</p>

			<p>· You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or
				confidential information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or
				alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.</p>

			<p>· You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for
				example, federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Service and your Content (defined below), including but not limited
				to, copyright laws.</p>

			<p>· You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, files, information, usernames, images, graphics, photos, profiles, audio
				and video clips, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, applications, links and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") that you
				submit, post or display on or via the Service.</p>

			<p>· You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is
				associated with the Service or Property Player.</p>

			<p>· You must not create or submit unwanted email, comments, likes or other forms of commercial or harassing communications (a/k/a "spam") to
				any Property Player users.</p>

			<p>· You must not create accounts with the Service through unauthorized means, including but not limited to, by using an automated device,
				script, bot, spider, crawler or scraper</p>

			<p>· You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the Service and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of
				these Terms of Use or any other Property Player terms</p>

			<p>· Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Property Player sole discretion, result in termination of your account. You understand and agree
				that Property Player cannot and will not be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you use the Service at your own risk. If you
				violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for Property Player, we can stop providing
				all or part of the Service to you</p>

			<h4>Payment</h4>

			<p>Cash or Personal Cheque with Bankers Card, all major Credit/Debit Cards, Bankers Draft or BACS Transfer are all acceptable methods of
				payment. Our Terms are payment in full within thirty days. All goods remain the property of the Company until paid for in full. Monies that
				remains outstanding by the due date will incur late payment interest at the rate of 2% above the prevailing Bank of England's base rate on the
				outstanding balance until such time as the balance is paid in full and final settlement. We reserve the right to seek recovery of any monies
				remaining unpaid sixty days from the date of invoice via collection Agencies and/or through the Small Claims Court in the event that the
				outstanding balance does not exceed £3000. In such circumstances, you shall be liable for any and all additional administrative and/or court
				costs.</p>

			<p>Returned cheques will incur a £25 charge to cover banking fees and administrative costs. In an instance of a second Returned cheque, we
				reserve the right to terminate the arrangement and, if agreed to, we shall insist on future cash transactions only. Consequently, all bookings
				and/or transactions and agreements entered into will cease with immediate effect until such time as any and all outstanding monies are recovered
				in full.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Cancellation Policy</b>
			</p>

			<p>Minimum 24 hours notice of cancellation required. Notification for instance, in person, via email, mobile phone ‘text message’ and/or fax,
				or any other means will be accepted subject to confirmation in writing. We reserve the right to levy a £30 charge to cover any subsequent
				administrative expenses.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Termination of Agreements and Refunds Policy</b>
			</p>

			<p>Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are
				already underway. No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any monies
				that have been paid to us which constitute payment in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Availability </b><br /> Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United Kingdom, or in
				relation to postings from the United Kingdom. All advertising is intended solely for the United Kingdom market. You are solely responsible for
				evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication
				of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written
				consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is
				provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or
				damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
			</p>

			<p>
				<b>Log Files<br />
				</b>We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP
				addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and
				troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL
				requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any
				individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit
				permission.
			</p>

			<p>
				<b>Cookies<br />
				</b>Like most interactive web sites this Company’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are
				used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners
				may also use cookies.
			</p>

			<p>
				<b>Links to this website </b><br /> You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a
				link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website
				by linking to it.
			</p>

			<p>
				<b>Links from this website </b><br /> We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website.
				Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher
				of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our
				users to be aware when they leave our site &amp; to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and
				trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to
				them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure
				to third parties of personal information.
			</p>

			<p>
				<b>Copyright Notice</b> <br /> Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Company’s services
				and the full content of this website.
			</p>

			<p>This Company’s logo is a registered trademark of this Company in the India and other countries. The brand names and specific services of
				this Company featured on this web site are trade marked.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Communication<br />
				</b>We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, &amp; other contact information, can be found on our <b>Contact Us</b>
				link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
			</p>

			<h2>Force Majeure</h2>

			<p>Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the
				control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of
				civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the
				termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall
				forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement
				contained herein.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Waiver</b>
			</p>

			<p>Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to
				exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution
				of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is
				expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.</p>

			<h3>General</h3>

			<p>By accessing this website and our services you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts
				in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited
				to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining
				terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or
				failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms
				and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions
				shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Notification of Changes</b>
			</p>

			<p>The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify
				your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been
				made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable
				Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted
				on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis</p>

			<p>
				<b>These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking
					of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions
					contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.</b>
			</p>

			<p>© Property Player 2015 All Rights Reserved</p>

	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>